Bump version to v0.7.2 (#1051)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/notes/changelog.md

# Changelog of v0.x

## v0.7.2 (04/06/2023)

### Bug fixes

- Align the evaluation result in log by [@kitecats](https://github.com/kitecats) in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/1034

> - Update the sample loic in `ClassBalancedDataset` by [@BIGWangYuDong](https://github.com/BIGWangYuDong) in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/1048

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the logic to calculate the `repeat_factors` in `ClassBalancedDataset` by [@BIGWangYuDong](https://github.com/BIGWangYuDong) in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/1048
```
